Updating documentation for latest Basics Station module changes (#1545)
Azure/iotedge-lorawan-starterkit: docs/user-guide/pkt-fwd-to-station.md

| SPI_DEV | SPI_DEV | Name is not changing.<br/>In Basics Station module, it is a number identifying the SPI location where the board should be accessed (i.e.: when X, board accessed at /dev/spidevX.0)<br/>Field defaults to 0 |
| SPI_SPEED | SPI_SPEED | Name and functionality are not changing.<br/>In Basics Station module, default to 8, unique alternative provided is 2 |

> Previous Packet Forwarder module was built only for SX1301 based devices using SPI communication. Current LoRaBasicsStationModule is built for both SX1301 and SX1302 based devices (starting from v2.1.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the Packet Forwarder module was built only for SX1301 based devices using SPI communication. Current LoRaBasicsStationModule is built for both SX1301 and SX1302 based devices (starting from v2.1.0).
```
